# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- Feature to toggle between light and dark mode.
- Feature to view details about a given cycle day.

## [1.0.8] - 2024-07-26

### Fixed

- Fixed issue with the insights and predictions when logging new cycle events.

## [1.0.7] - 2024-07-24

### Added

- Feature to log intimate activities.

### Changed

- Updated calendar marker colors for cycle events.
- Changed the label for the "Other symptoms" textfield.

### Fixed

- Fixed issue where generated predictions didn't account for other types of cycle events.

## [1.0.6] - 2024-07-23

### Changed

- Redesigned calendar markers for cycle events.
- Improved the accuracy of insights generated by Gemini.
- Refined how the fertile window predictions are calculated.

## [1.0.5] - 2024-07-22

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug with how insights were generated and cached.

## [1.0.4] - 2024-07-22

### Changed

- Instead of using one prompt to generate insights, Gemini now uses multiple prompts to provide more accurate insights.

### Fixed

- Fixed how the fertile window predictions are generated.

## [1.0.3] - 2024-07-22

### Changed

- Refined the Gemini prompt for better and more accurate insights.
- Overhauled how predictions are generated to improve both code readability and forecast precision.

## [1.0.2] - 2024-07-19

### Added

- Feature to predict and show ovulation dates on the calendar.

### Changed

- Improved Gemini insights for better accuracy and personalization.
- Temporarily disabled logging of ovulation and sexual activity (not yet supported).

## [1.0.1] - 2024-07-19

### Added

- Feature to log menstrual periods.
- Feature to log symptoms experienced during the menstrual cycle.

## [1.0.0] - 2024-07-17

### Added

- Initial release. 🎉
- Ability to view calendar and cycle events, including periods, fertile windows, and symptoms.
- Feature to view cycle insights, powered by Gemini, offering personalized insights.